Previously, on
How To Get Away With Murder...
Why are you all lying?
You're listed as Jane Doe
in all the paperwork,
so no one will know.
Claire, hi.
It's Tegan Price.
I wanted to meet up
if you have time.
[Gabriel] I screwed up.
They found out who I am.
Mr. Maddox, when was the last
time you saw D.A. Miller?
Do you know what happens to
infants when they see trauma?
He could have PTSD for
the rest of his life, Bonnie.
-[Bonnie] I did it.
-For me.
So don't even think
about leaving us.
-[Annalise] Nate has a plan.
-What is it?
The Governor
killed Miller.
We just got
the DNA results back.
-Someone manufactured
those positive results.
-Miller.
We have someone
in custody who we hope
will shed light
on Miller's involvement.
[pounding on door]
[Gabriel]
Professor Keating?
I think
I need a lawyer.
I'm hoping that's you.
[siren wailing in distance]
[indistinct conversations]
[telephone rings in distance]
[beeping]
[door buzzes]
[door closes]
[keypad beeps, door buzzes]
Hi.
[door closes]
-What did they arrest him for?
-[sighs]
I'm gonna go find out--
But you're not actually
gonna represent him.
Well, he's already told the FBI
agents that I'm his attorney.
Yeah,
because it's a setup.
-How do I know you're not
working with the FBI?
-What?
-You could be trying to get me
to say something on a wire.
-No.
No wire.
Please, I don't
have anyone else.
Meeting with him would
only prove how close
you are with him.
-I'm his professor--
-It's the FBI,
they clearly know
that he's Sam's son.
Exactly, and this is them
just starting to gather evidence
to take us all down.
They ask you
anything about Sam?
No, they never
mentioned him.
So they didn't ask you
anything about me?
No, they just
wanted to know
if I saw Nate with Miller
at the wedding.
Did you?
No. And that's what
I told them.
So I have no idea
why I'm here.
All he's ever done
is lie to us, Annalise.
So more reason for me to go
there to see if you're right.
-And if we are?
-Then you all get gold stars.
-In prison.
-Okay, uh,
I know what we do, right?
Gabriel was at the wedding,
-so we say he killed Miller.
-For what reason?
We'll figure it
out later.
Do nothing until
you hear from me.
[door opens, closes]
You're not
making any sense.
-None of this is making sense.
-They arrested you for a reason.
I think you know why.
You're just not telling me.
I'm telling you
everything I know.
[sighs]
I'm out.
-Why?
-Because I don't believe you.
Maybe I never should've.
Lesson learned.
Wait, wait,
wait, wait.
I was talking to Miller
before he went missing.
He reached out to me shortly
after I got into your class.
He said that his old boss
was investigating you
and that he needed me
to help find out more.
He said he would help me
find out what happened to Sam.
It's the only reason
I agreed.
-What'd the two of you
find out?
-Nothing.
That's why we barely
even talked, honestly.
So I was right.
You were lying to me.
Because I knew you wouldn't
help me if I told you.
Look, I obviously can't
call my mom, all right? So...
Please.
Don't leave me
in here alone.
-How did you not know that
Miller was investigating me?
-Because it's not true.
-Why would Gabriel
lie about that?
-For a million reasons.
We don't know him,
Annalise.
Well, you didn't know
your boyfriend, either.
That's very clear now.
-When did Gabriel say
they started talking?
-It doesn't matter--
-It could've been recent--
-Or it could've been
before you started
dating the man!
No. He was there for me
during Julie--
-He was working you
that whole time.
-According to Gabriel!
-Well, I believe him.
-You believed
the Governor, too.
How'd that turn out?
I got played,
damn straight.
But so did you.
So let him go, Bonnie.
It's time.
You hear me?
Hey, hey.
This is good.
We can use Gabriel.
-How?
-Get him to feed something
to the FBI that links
Miller to the Governor.
We have no proof
that they worked together.
That was just an assumption that
you both made this whole time.
[Nate] You want us to trust
your gut on Gabriel?
Well, then you have
to trust mine on this.
Find something that points them
to the Governor--
otherwise,
the FBI hangs us all.
[gearshift clicks,
engine shuts off]
Thanks for meeting.
I know you're probably slammed
with the Miller investigation.
Isn't that
why you called?
-What?
-The D.A.'s missing,
probably dead,
and you work with
Annalise Keating now, so...
What's Annalise
have to do with Miller?
That's what I was
hoping you'd tell me.
I assumed Jorge Castillo
was behind this, like Denver.
That's why
I called you.
We haven't found anything
to support that theory.
So now you suspect
Annalise?
-I didn't say she was a suspect.
-Then what are you saying?
That I'm open
to all possibilities.
And since you work
with the woman,
perhaps you could
offer the FBI some help.
I helped you take down
Jorge Castillo.
And we protected you,
just like we can here.
Protect me from what?
Just call me if you notice
anything out of the ordinary.
Okay?
Of course.
[engine starts]
-Sign.
-You sure?
Like you gave me
a choice.
We have court
in an hour.
We'll find out what they're
charging you with there.
[Connor]
I'm thinking the charge could
be obstruction of justice--
-[Michaela] For what?
-Lying about the extent of
his relationship with Miller.
Be honest.
Did you contact Miller,
or did he
contact you?
-He contacted me.
-You swear you had
nothing to do
-with his disappearance?
-Of course not.
You were the last person
to call him
on the night
of the wedding.
The wedding we were all at,
so by that logic,
you'd all be suspects
in his disappearance, too.
Maybe they're making up
the charges.
It's their way to force him
to be an informant--
-Who's he informing on?
-Us.
Are we really
talking about this here?
Did you deny knowing
Sam was your father?
-No.
-Are you sure?
Because concealing information
is a felony under Title 18--
I swear they never directly
asked me about you or Sam.
He had a go bag
with a fake I.D.
Forgery is
a federal offense.
It was a driver's license.
That's only a state crime.
-Why do you have a fake license?
-I carry it on me at protests--
so that way,
if I got arrested,
they'd book me
under a fake name.
So if the Feds run
Mark Jackson's name,
they're not gonna
find anything bad?
Not bad enough for me
to be sitting here.
[Judge Horning]
Good morning. This is
the U.S. District Court,
Eastern District
of Pennsylvania.
First up
on the docket is
the United States
v. Gabriel Maddox.
Mr. Maddox,
will you please stand
and face the charges
against you?
Due to your actions on
the 13th of August in 2014
in the county of
St. Louis, Missouri,
the Federal Government
is charging you
with one count of violating
Section 802 of the Patriot Act.
-What the hell?
-Quiet.
Your Honor, on what grounds
is the government throwing
this trumped-up charge...
-What?
-[quietly] Domestic terrorism.
We will prove the extent
of the defendant's
criminal actions at trial.
You don't accuse
a law student of terrorism
and then bury
the evidence until trial.
Fine. The government's
happy to show the court
just how legitimate
this charge is.
[Bordal] This photo
was taken by a reporter
during the Ferguson protests
in 2014.
FBI investigators were
only recently able
to identify the depicted
individual as Gabriel Maddox.
What's illegal about protesting
a police shooting, Your Honor?
Protesting is legal.
Attacking law enforcement
with a chemical agent is not.
[Annalise] This man
is wearing a mask.
This could be
anyone, Judge.
Further inculpatory evidence
will be presented
once a trial date
has been set.
[Judge Horning] Very well.
Due to the severe nature
of these allegations,
I'm setting bail
at $1 million.
-[gavel bangs]
-Next case.
[fading] The United States
v. Karl Jones.
-Will counsel from both sides...
-[handcuffs clicking]
please approach and announce
your presence for the record...
Here we go.
You should've called me
for help a long time ago.
What's this?
The call log
to Miller's burner phone.
Oh, you found
Miller's burner number?
Annalise got it
from Gabriel.
Let's hope one of those calls
is to the Governor herself.
Everyone's worried
about Bonnie losing it, but...
maybe that's you.
Take a page,
see who Miller was calling.
[cellphone vibrating]
[cellphone beeps,
vibrating stops]
Hey.
[Bonnie] They're charging
Gabriel with terrorism.
-We heard.
-"We"?
-I'm with Nate.
-Did he find anything?
Not yet.
Give me some time.
We don't have much time
before Gabriel cracks.
[breathes deeply]
[Annalise] Tell me
this is not you.
You want me
to lie to you again?
-I was in the right.
-Doesn't look that way.
They started throwing
tear gas at us.
People were screaming.
I-it was complete chaos.
I reacted. That doesn't
make me a terrorist.
They're trying
to turn you.
Turn me?
Turn me against who?
Know what? Write down
all your passwords.
Phone,
computer, e-mails,
and for your fake
identities, too.
-Why?
-Because that prosecutor said
that they have more proof
of your terrorist activity,
so I'm guessing it's in some of
your old correspondence, too.
Unless you're afraid
of what I'll find.
[indistinct conversations]
-Was it him in the photo?
-Of course.
So we let him
rot in jail?
Unless you want
to rot with him.
-Here are his passwords.
-He just gave you these?
Well, not all of us
have to hack.
Go through his e-mails,
texts, posts that he wrote
leading up
to the protest.
Find anything that
the prosecution
could construe
as terrorism.
-Call me at the office.
-[quietly] Wait.
You'll see Tegan
if you go to work.
Eventually, yes.
She's gonna ask you
why we were shady
about the Nate civil suit.
Is now the best time to lie
to an FBI informant?
You know what?
This was my mistake.
-I'll take care of it.
-How?
Don't worry.
I got this.
[door opens]
-Ms. Price?
-Michaela!
How absolutely lovely
to see you.
-You hate me again.
-Are you surprised?
-Look--
-You look.
Because if you've
come tip-toeing in here
to "make things right"
yet again--
There's a reason we lied
about not filing
the wrongful death suit.
The FBI is looking
into Nate.
-Why?
-I don't know.
But it...
it might be
Miller's disappearance.
Why would Nate
hurt Miller?
Well, obviously,
he didn't.
So you know something?
They probably think
Miller losing the Inquest
pissed off Nate.
But that's why we didn't
want you filing the suit.
So that Nate wouldn't draw
any more attention to himself.
-What else is going on?
-Nothing.
You swear on
your unborn children?
On one adorable
future president child.
-[door opens]
-Oh, good. I was just
coming to see Ms. Price,
but maybe, uh,
you can fill me in.
-A-about?
-Gabriel Maddox.
Apparently, Annalise
is defending him
on a terrorism charge.
You wanna explain?
[cellphone rings]
[cellphone clicks]
-[sighs] Tell me something good.
-It's all bad, if you ask me.
-Shouldn't you be at work?
-When your boss is "missing,"
they let you come and go
as you please.
Here.
Gabriel used his alias
to post the home addresses
of every cop in Ferguson.
Could be construed
as a threat of violence.
Oliver,
can you bury it?
Sorry, I'm looking
at our wedding photos.
-Focus.
-I'm checking to make sure
there's no photos
of Miller with Nate.
Oh, God. Like I need
any more problems.
I got another one. I went
through Gabriel's text messages
-from the past few months.
-We need something from 2014.
Just look.
Told you.
All he does is lie.
-What's wrong?
-[handcuffs clicking]
-[door closes]
-You've been talking
to your mother about me.
No, I haven't.
"How is she
treating you?
Has she ever
asked you about me?"
You said you were only looking
at messages around Ferguson--
You have me
to blame for that.
Well, those messages
aren't about you.
They're about Michaela.
-I swear.
-What?
Who tells their mom about a girl
they've kissed four times?
Me, okay?
Look, if I'm happy,
she's happy.
She just likes to hear
those kind of things.
[cellphone clicks]
-All right.
-[cellphone beeps]
Here.
-You have her number?
-Just in case
I need to call her
to tell her
what her son is up to.
Prove you're not lying.
Hey, Ma, it's me.
Yeah, this is a friend's phone.
My phone's dead.
I just--
I wanted to talk to you.
I screwed up again.
Yeah, with Michaela.
Her birthday just passed,
and, um,
I forgot.
So she's pissed at me.
Now, look, lady,
I did not call you
for you to yell at me.
I called
for a little love.
Now, if you're not
gonna give me that,
I can just hang up.
[chuckles]
-Hey.
How you holding up?
I'm just trying
to keep myself distracted
-until we know more.
-[sighs]
Do you know the name of Ron's
friend in the Governor's office?
-Why?
-He mentioned he knew
someone there.
I just never
heard the name.
You think the Governor had
something to do with this?
I don't know
what to think.
No.
No one from the Governor's
office ever called here.
I would remember.
[telephone ringing]
God.
It's his mother again.
-[telephone clicks]
-Mrs. Miller, hi.
Yes, I know.
I promise I'll call
as soon as I hear anything.
Are you getting
any sleep yet?
Me neither.
-[beeps]
-[woman] We're sorry.
You have reached a number
that has been disconnected
-or is no longer in service.
-[cellphone beeps]
You hungry?
I could run out
and get hoagies.
Go home.
I'll finish up.
What?
You hate
what you did.
I've been there.
But there's
a world where...
you don't
hate yourself so much.
I mean,
no one takes up boxing
if they don't have
some anger to get out.
-That's not why I box.
-Or that's what
you tell yourself,
that we're not animals.
We got self-control.
But people have been killing
people with their bare hands
since the beginning
of time.
It's in our nature.
There's a world
where you're okay
with what you did,
is all.
Go home.
[door opens, closes]
[objects clink]
That's Ron
at 15 months.
[chuckling] Our dog Frisco
would never leave his side.
Come and sit.
Thank you.
They haven't
told me much.
I thought maybe
you might know something.
So when
you called, I...
They're not telling me
much, either.
[sighs]
[cup clinks]
What is it?
You can tell me anything.
Do you know if Ron was
in contact with the Governor?
I know he had a friend
who worked there,
but do you know
who that is?
No, I don't remember him
talking much about the Governor.
[gasps] No, wait.
When they found out
she had taken money
from that
opioid company...
I didn't like her
after that,
and neither did Ron.
Why?
I'm just trying
to make sense of all this.
Of course you are.
You miss him.
Oh...
The day of the wedding,
after you and Ron had the fight,
he came here.
Uh, he--
he didn't tell me much.
He just said
he messed up,
and he needed my engagement ring
to make it right.
And I knew he cared
very much about you,
so I gave it to him.
And he left...
Did he propose?
-No.
-Oh, God.
I shouldn't
have said anything.
It's okay.
[sniffles]
Hey. Bonnie...
[sighs]
I know that God would not
take away my son,
not so soon after
my husband's passing.
I know that,
and I know
they will find him.
So you hold on
to that hope,
because we're all going
to be together here soon.
I know it.
[door buzzes]
-I'm not doing this
without my lawyer.
-[door closes]
So you don't want us
to drop the charges?
No, I want
a full immunity deal
so the FBI can never throw these
baseless charges at me again.
Valid charges.
You're just lucky we only
hit you with one count.
Really?
I'm just curious.
What is it
that I did?
D.A. Miller,
a man you were working
as a mole for,
-is missing...
-Stop.
and your only alibi
is your lawyer.
You know, honestly,
I thought
you all would be
a little smarter than this.
The same lawyer who used to be
married to your father,
Sam Keating.
There it is.
I've been waiting for you
to bring that up.
So this-- all of this is--
it's about Annalise, right?
That's the truth?
Do you think there's something
we should know about her?
I didn't say that.
We can
give you immunity.
You just have to work for us
instead of her.
I don't work for her.
Are you sure
about that?
We know everything,
Gabriel.
Cooperate...
or end up in jail.
Can I think?
[door opens]
[cellphone clicks,
door closes]
-[cellphone rings]
-[woman] At the tone,
-please record your message.
-[beep]
It's me.
Just checking in to see
if you have any info for us.
Give me a call
when you can.
-Sooner the better.
-[clicks]
Sorry. This is the first
free second I've had all day.
Yeah. I get it.
Representing terrorists
is pretty demanding.
I can't handle
the scolding right now.
That's not
why I called you in.
I have a great idea.
We do a press conference
on the Maddox case.
-No.
-No, just think about it.
C&G intern being unjustly
charged with terrorism.
White-shoe law firm
shining a spotlight
-on institutional racism.
-If the spotlight
is too big,
then the Feds will force us
into a trial.
Since when have you been
afraid of a trial?
He's a law student who doesn't
want that attention.
-[cellphone vibrating]
-The two of us could use that
kind of attention right now.
I mean, Jensen's probably
rallying the--
the Board
to fire us as we speak.
-We'll sue.
-All I'm saying is,
-let's go
on the offense here.
-[cellphone vibrating]
-You love a good fight...
...and you made me
love them, too.
I said no.
Annalise. What--
What aren't telling me?
Hmm?
Hey, look, okay.
After what you did for me
with Nora, I owe you.
So let me help.
You can help by doing
exactly what I just said.
No press conference.
[door opens]
[Michaela] I know
how to keep Tegan quiet.
-Let me talk to her.
-I'm taking stress
off your plate.
Be happy.
Tegan was already an FBI source
for Antares, right?
Which means she might
rat us out to them, too.
So, Oliver?
-She made me do this.
-Just show them.
[clears throat lightly]
-Have you already sent this?
-No. But we should.
-It's a horrible idea.
-If Tegan thinks the FBI
couldn't protect
her Jane Doe identity,
she'll be less likely
to talk to them again.
Why not just deport her, too,
since you're so good at that?
She's suspicious of us,
but this e-mail
will scare her into silence.
We should send it, right?
If my father sees this e-mail,
he will kill her.
He can't in prison.
-I thought you liked Tegan.
-I love her.
That is why I know
what will scare her.
The only people you're scaring
right now is us
with your sociopathic
little brain.
-Okay, my sociopathic big brain.
-Oliver.
You promise that
they won't be able
-to trace this back to us,
right?
-Are you serious?
-No, Annalise.
I only want
to hear from Oliver.
They'll ping it
to a Mongolian sheep farmer
before they look here.
[mouse clicks]
[monitor beeps]
[liquid pours, glass clinks]
Nate find anything?
No.
Dude's a task master--
I'll give him that.
Pour me one.
[cellphone chimes]
What the hell?
You're talking
to his ma?
I saw her.
[sighs]
You want
to get better or no?
You hadn't found anything
tying him to the Governor--
So his mom's
gonna help with that?
It was worth a try.
-[sniffles]
-Hey.
Do what you want.
Just tell me
about these things,
at least,
so I can help.
Okay?
-Find Miller yet?
-Nope.
Anything
on our terrorist?
Nada, but damn
if this young man's e-mail game
was not strong.
I mean... these women he was
at college with just ate it up.
-Show me.
-Unh-unh. Do not show her.
-Why?
-You still like him.
I just wanna know
if they're not as hot as I am.
No one's as hot as you.
Oh, except for you standing
next to Gabriel.
Mm, ah, we do look
good together.
He told his mom
about you.
-What?
-He did?
Yeah. Those texts
weren't about Annalise.
-They were about you.
-I told you not to tell her.
-Why not?
-So you don't think
of giving him
a second chance.
Hand me
this computer.
Okay, you guys have to stop
making me out to be
some pathetic,
boy-crazy--
[Oliver] Disaster who has
terrible instincts about men?
-Rude.
-Seriously, I am
one of those men.
Why are you looking
at Gabriel's manny cam?
We never watched the footage
of the feds arresting him.
So if they went outside
the scope of the warrant,
we can get
the charges dropped.
That would also require us
telling the FBI
that Frank put a camera
in Gabriel's--
-We're desperate.
-[sighs]
Get on board.
Your Honor,
I'm requesting a motion
-to dismiss the charges.
-On what grounds?
My client has been openly
critical of the police force
and their treatment
of people of color.
And as a result,
the FBI has labeled him
as a "Black Identity
Extremist."
As if it's so "extreme" to think
that black lives matter.
Oh, no playing the race card,
Ms. Keating.
Well, it's not a card
if it's a fact, Judge,
and the FBI has used that label
to transform my client
from an activist
to a terrorist.
And if they can't find
the evidence to prove it,
-then they'll fabricate it.
-Objection.
-There's no proof of that.
-You want proof?
My client was so concerned
with being illegally monitored
by law enforcement
that he decided
to monitor himself
in his own apartment.
-And thank God he did.
-[whispering]
What the hell is this?
-You'll thank us later.
-As you can see,
the agent
plants the evidence
that the FBI can't find
in the first place.
Now, this mask
is the only evidence
that's connecting Mr. Maddox
to the man in the photo.
So, as such,
I am asking permission
to play that race card
and get this case dismissed.
[Judge Horning]
Mr. Bordal, would you like
to drop these charges,
or are you going
to humiliate your office
by having me
dismiss them?
My apologies, Your Honor.
And, yes, the government
officially withdraws
all charges
against Mr. Maddox.
-Case dismissed.
-[gavel bangs]
-You've been recording me?
-Not us-- Frank.
-That's sick.
-You mean smart.
You were Miller's mole
this whole time.
Let me get this straight.
You've been watching me
sleep, get dressed,
shower?
I always turned away
for those parts.
[Oliver] Are you mad
at us for watching you,
or at yourself
for not knowing that
there was a camera there?
Does it matter?
Look, I can report all of you
to the police right now.
And I'm guessing
this whole camera situation
isn't the worst thing
you've all done.
Quiet. That footage
is the only thing
that kept your ass from jail.
So say thank you.
-I'm leaving.
-You are not.
Take him to your place.
Don't let him leave your sight.
Behave.
[footsteps departing]
Any word from Tegan?
No news is good news.
[scoffs]
Since when is that true?
[door opens]
You rang?
This is weird, right?
-What is?
-Uh, her-- her student
being charged
for terrorism
in the first place,
but then not
telling me about it.
You're taking
this personally?
[glasses tap lightly]
I'm just saying, the last time
you called me in here to talk
was to ask me
about Annalise.
-That's not true.
-And Eve Rothlo.
Okay,
maybe that's true.
What do you do
for fun?
Do you play golf,
poker?
Have any friends
at all?
Because this
"thirsty for Annalise"
is not a good look.
For either of us,
you mean.
Joke.
No, I don't
have any friends.
Why don't, uh, us two,
uh, go get a drink?
I've got so much work.
Rain check.
[door opens]
Sir,
I.T.'s on the phone.
She says it's urgent.
This is Crawford.
Talk before
I shoot myself.
Miller called
this number.
It's registered
to Maria Sloane in Cleveland.
Who's this?
Who?
The adoption,
Annalise.
[Maria]
Hi, Miss Keating.
This is Maria Sloane
from the Department of
Children and Family Services
in Cleveland.
Miller dug up
the adoption papers
and gave them
to Birkhead.
Well, we can't give this
to the FBI.
It's the only thing we have
linking Miller to the Governor.
The adoption links me
to Sam's killer.
-How's that gonna help us?
-No one says it does.
It's just--
just all we got.
Why don't you
get a knife?
Cut me open,
bleed me dry.
That's what
you all want, right?
'Cause I'm not the one
killing people around here.
I just clean up the mess.
Like that's why
I worked my ass off
my entire life--
just to be your damn maid.
So, go on.
Take what's left of me!
[door slams]
So what's more fun?
Watching me here
or watching me on camera?
You were quieter
at home.
Did you know they were
watching us when you kissed me?
You kissed me.
So that's a yes?
We didn't know
there was a camera then.
I did.
We were spying on you
like you were
spying on us.
And what'd you
find out, Laurel? Hmm?
Nothing, right?
Because Miller was too smart
to go to your apartment.
I talked to the guy
like three times.
And, honestly,
all of you would've done
the same exact thing
if you were in my shoes.
We'd never be
in your shoes
because we're not
morons.
You want to make me
the enemy?
The only reason I did any
of this was about my father.
Wanting to know him.
There's nothing wrong
with that.
[cellphone vibrates]
It's Annalise.
You've been honest with me,
so now it's my turn.
'Cause you've
been lying?
Listen.
Governor Birkhead has
had a target on my back
ever since
the Supreme Court case.
-I'm aware.
-But did you know
that she had
Nate Senior killed?
Yeah, see what interesting
things you find out
when you
shut your mouth?
And she had
help doing it.
Who?
Miller.
[sighs]
Still no sign of Miller.
-Or Nate.
-[key clicking]
Or Nate killing Miller.
Ooh, look at
that cute one.
Okay, we could just, uh,
delete that bad boy.
[Connor] Like you two won't be
seared into my memory
until the day I die.
[key clicks]
Can you delete
that one, too?
[Christopher cooing]
-[key clicks]
-[Oliver]
Okay, we're done.
Miller's not in
any of the photos.
We are home free.
[sighs]
Until Gabriel sells us out.
[Gabriel] Why not just
tell the FBI?
I can't.
Why?
'Cause the Governor
has something on me.
I tried to adopt Wes
when he was 11.
[cellphone vibrating]
[Frank] Don't answer.
Nothing you say is gonna make
her, or you, feel better.
[cellphone clicks,
vibrating stops]
Hi, Mrs. Miller.
Wes had no one.
His mother was dead, his father
wasn't in the picture.
I wanted to give him
a family...
Sam was against it.
He said he'd end our marriage.
Wes found out.
Maybe that's why
he killed Sam.
-You said Wes was
just your student.
-He was.
But you lied about everything
that came before that.
I got
your charges dropped.
You owe me.
Or would you rather
the Governor get away
with killing
an innocent man?
Help us
take her down.
You're okay
meeting alone?
Yeah.
-[door opens]
-Really?
I'm more than happy
to call your lawyer.
It's about her.
I want protection.
This is the FBI--
we can do that.
I mean it.
I'm all my mom has.
Deal.
D.A. Miller
told me something
that might help
your investigation.
But you're just
telling me this now?
I was scared. And, apparently,
I had a right to be.
The guy
is now missing.
What did Miller
tell you?
That Annalise
tried to adopt Wes Gibbins
when he was a kid.
Miller thought this was proof
that she was somehow involved
in my dad's murder.
So this person you're scared of,
who you think
might have something to do
with Miller's disappearance?
It's Annalise Keating?
No.
I heard Miller
on the phone once.
It was about
the adoption.
He was talking
to someone about it.
Who?
Someone named Lynne.
Think he's playing us?
I think
they're all playing us.
But not for long.
You wanted to see me?
Always, yeah.
You, uh--
You trust Tegan?
Why are you
asking me that?
She recently got an e-mail
that caught I.T.'s attention.
What was in
the e-mail?
Not important.
But I know the two of you
are close, so--
-Says who?
-Close for you, I mean.
Uh, just, you know--
just tell me
if you ever catch wind
of anything...
out of the ordinary.
Of course.
You know why
you should trust her?
Because she knew about your
misconduct long before I did.
And she never used it
against you.
That was all me.
[telephone beeping]
It's Crawford.
I need access
to another employee's e-mails.
Annalise Keating.
Hey.
Did you do it?
Of course.
You can go home,
tell all
your pervy friends.
After you let me in.
Why?
What-- now you want me?
I wanna show you
where the stupid camera is.
[Placebo's
"Running Up That Hill" plays]
[keys jingling]
[lock rattling, unlocks]
[switch clicks]
[door closes]
[camera beeps]
You're welcome.
[sighs]
And just for the record,
-I never watched this.
- It doesn't hurt me
Oh, oh, oh
You wanna feel
how it feels?
Oh, oh, oh
- You wanna know, know that
it doesn't hurt me?
-Oh.
Oh, oh, oh
You wanna hear...
You told
your mom about me?
...about the deal
that I'm making?
[exhales sharply]
- You and me
-Um... yeah.
You're hard
not to talk about.
You and me
And if I only could
- I'd make a deal with God
-[door opens]
-[door closes]
- And get him
to swap our places
She's talking
about a vigil.
Something so people
don't forget he's missing.
She asked me
to help plan it.
The longer we wait,
the harder it makes it
for the FBI.
But the worse
it makes it for her.
We know what
that feels like.
You don't wanna hurt me
It's time, Nate.
But see how deep
the bullet lies
Oh, oh, oh
Unaware that
I'm tearing you asunder
Oh, oh, oh
Oh, there is thunder
in our hearts, baby
So much hate
for the ones we love?
Oh, oh, oh
Tell me, we both matter,
don't we?
You
Case just got
more interesting.
How?
You and me
[quietly]
Emmett's watching you.
I don't know why,
and I don't care.
But I vouched for you.
So watch your back,
because clearly something weird
is going on right now.
With you?
Excuse me?
You haven't
seen this yet?
Get him to swap our places
Be running up that road
Be running up that hill
[anchor]
FBI agents descended
on the town
of Brickerville tonight
after an anonymous tip
led to the discovery
of an abandoned car.
-Inside the trunk,
-[lock clicks, keys jangle]
police found a man's body
they've confirmed belongs
to Philadelphia District
Attorney Ronald Miller.
Law enforcement hasn't
revealed any information
-about a cause of death yet.
-This was Nate?
It's a tragic end
to a story that
has captivated Philadelphia...
-[cellphone vibrates]
-...and supporters of law
enforcement across the nation.
Ronald Miller had been with
-the Philadelphia District
Attorney's office for 11 years.
-Bon.
-[cellphone clicks]
-After serving with
distinction in Lancaster
-and Bucks counties
before that.
-Mrs. Miller?
-[crying] Did you see?
-He made his mark early...
-Just now.
-...in a number
of high-profile cases.
Bonnie, why would someone
do something like this?
[crying] Why?
Why, Bonnie?
[sobbing]
Be running up that road
Be running up that hill
We're just receiving
a breaking news update here
regarding
D.A. Miller's death.
Reports out of Harrisburg
are saying
that the FBI agents in charge
of D.A. Miller's case
were just seen arriving
at the Governor's mansion
in Harrisburg.
At this time, the nature of
Governor Birkhead's involvement
-in this case is unclear.
-Gabriel for the win.
-Annalise for the win.
-All of us for the win,
'cause we're not
going to jail tonight.
Or tomorrow,
either, hopefully.
So let's break out the booze
and have a toast
for the old wicked witch
Governor getting her due.
-Don't jinx it.
-There's no such thing.
-[cell phone honks]
-For more now
on this breaking story...
Is that your text alert?
No, it's my Instagram.
You need to change that.
[TV chatter continues]
Connor needs to call
his mom right now.
...who is live
outside the Governor's mansion.
She just posted
a photo of us.
No, she didn't.
She did.
With Nate
and Miller, too.